Clarify nonce entropy requirements (#722)
openid/OpenID4VP: 1.1/openid-4-verifiable-presentations-1_1.md

The following additional considerations are given for pre-existing Authorization Request parameters:

`nonce`:

> : REQUIRED. A case-sensitive String representing a value to securely bind Verifiable Presentation(s) provided by the Wallet to the particular transaction. The Verifier MUST create a fresh and unpredictable nonce using a secure cryptographically random number generator of at least 128 bits of entropy for every Authorization Request and store it with its current session. See (#preventing-replay) for details. Values MUST only contain ASCII URL safe characters (uppercase and lowercase letters, decimal digits, hyphen, period, underscore, and tilde).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: REQUIRED. A case-sensitive String representing a value to securely bind Verifiable Presentation(s) provided by the Wallet to the particular transaction. The Verifier MUST create a fresh, cryptographically random number with sufficient entropy for every Authorization Request and store it with its current session. The nonce SHOULD contain at least 128 bits of entropy. See (#preventing-replay) for details. Values MUST only contain ASCII URL safe characters (uppercase and lowercase letters, decimal digits, hyphen, period, underscore, and tilde).
```
